You know, one way Thio avoid bias when evaluating sailors is is looking
at their record for what it is. What I mean by that is, um, many times
when you're even doing evils and or if you're a board member looking
at evils, you don't see a picture. You don't see an individual
race, creed, religion. You see their accomplishments and what they've
done. And so if you can train yourself is as you're evaluating, despite
if that person has the same interests as you or come from the
same background as you as you. If you were to evaluate on their Onley
on their accomplishments and their potential, I think then you can
avoid some biases in the future.